# Summary
This is the list of additional tasks in response to your latest implementation of the detail page. Your workspace should be in the `/Users/jay/work/nostra-server`, `/Users/jay/work/nostra-contracts`, and `/Users/jay/work/task` folders. You don't need to check the folder `/Users/jay/work/web` that you acutally have to avoid.

# Heads-Up
Check the following checkbox whether the task I'm requesting is just a design or a code change.

[ ] Change the code 
[x] Just Design how to implement or research the background

# Tasks 
## Task-1: Create a market
We already made the market creation feature. But it's not working well. The following are the subtasks that you should do to make it work well.
1) The default text for the title and outcomes are good but that should be shown as an example so the text should be a little more timid other than the text users enter.
2) The category should be selected from the list of categories. I think we should have categories in the database. 
3) Players/Options in the page is not general. We need more general word like options or outcomes. And "Add Player" are not adequate.
4) The default Resolution Date is not good. It should be one month from today.
5) "Create 3 Markets & Provide Liquidy" should be changed becuase it confuse users who think they're creating one market.
6) Most importantly, clicking 'Create" button should work like using scripts like /Users/jay/work/nostra-server/api/scripts/fifa-world-cup-2026/create.ts 

# After Tasks Done
If we just discussing what to do for some change not going to implement it, you should summarize your recommendation for implementation and how to implement it into some document within `/Users/jay/work/task/nostra/designs` that could be created with current date not replacing the existing file. I thin html is more readable than markdown.

You should copy this md file to `/Users/jay/work/task/nostra/old-tasks` folder with current date. And if there is already the same file, you should add the new content to the existing file.

You must summarize the what you've done and the changes you've made to the codebase in the file named `summary.md` with date in the folder `~/work/task/nostra/dev-logs`. If there is already the same file, you just add the new content to the existing file. You should add the changed code showing before and after and technical details and background. The code for ‘before’ and ‘after’ should be placed vertically. You can add link to the changed code to the file that shows in antigravity, at least vscode.

If you edit html file which should have code int it, so the html doesn't need to have container becuase the the container unnecessarily make the width of the content narrow. And for the code shown in the page, don't carriage return which makes the code hard to read.

Go ahead and thanks in advance!